# GNSS_SDR_C
This is a software GNSS receiver in C based on the receiver in "A Software-Defined GPS and Galileo Receiver: A Single-Frequency Approach"
## Get start
step1: run "make" command
step2: run "./GNSS_Receiver"

## Requirements
gsl libirary is needed, if you don't install it, you can execute the following steps to install it.
1. download the gsl source code(https://ftp.gnu.org/gnu/gsl/)
2. step into the source code file
3. run `./configuration`
4. run `make` and wait untill it finishs.
5. run `sudo make install` 
6. install the gls-dev
   `sudo apt-get install libgsl-dev`
After these steps, you are ready to compile this project.

## Test Environment
code has just tested in ubuntu 20.04.1

## Running the GNSS SDR software
1. step into this folder
2. config this software receiver to suit your signal file
   all configuration can be done in only one file named initSetting.c
   these are variables you may need to modify
   - fileName( the name of your signal file )
   - msToProcess( total processed time )
   - intermediatFreq( intermediate frequency )
   - samplingFreq( sampling frequency )
3. run `make`
4. run `./GNSS_Receiver`

## Results description
- L1Ant1.dat is a signal file generated by a simulator(NOT I/Q FILE). it's intermediate frequency is 1.42MHz, and sampling frequency is 10MHz. Data type is int8.
- IE.dat, IP.dat and IL.dat are I path results of ealy code path, prompt code path and late code path respectively. QE.dat, QP.dat and QL.dat have the similar meaning.
- pos.dat is the output of postion, once one millisecond.

## Notes
this code most is ported from the software receiver in "A Software-Defined GPS and Galileo Receiver: A Single-Frequency Approach". So if you want to know more details, you can read this book or send email to me.
